Title: January 14, 2026
Date: 2026-01-14 21:11
Category: Updates
Tags: updates, North, schools
Slug: january-fourteenth
Keywords: North, schools, ICE
Authors: Coco
Summary: What happened on January 14th in the Twin Cities.

### Today

**There was [another shooting](https://www.mprnews.org/story/2026/01/14/ice-enforcement-shooting-in-minnesota-latest-wednesday) in North tonight.** It seems not life-threatening to the victims. DHS is responding with armored vehicles, tear gas, and rubber bullets.

Last night there was a group of people in front of every business still open on Central. We stayed until closing and made sure people got home safely. So many people out and there was still an absolutely horrible and heartbreaking abduction in our neighborhood. 

**Every day the schools around me are on code yellow at dismissal**, meaning students are kept locked in the building. The ICE agents outside will stick around circling in their cars a while to taunt the students and teachers, until the neighbors chase them away. I'm so sad the students have to have the neighborhood show up to get them home safely. 

**In talking with others doing patrols people are reporting more camera crews with ICE, some with professional cameras.** I heard that this is possibly Fox News or right wing YouTubers. Either way is pretty bleak to think that this is entertainment to some people. 

[People are still outside the Graduate hotel](https://kstp.com/kstp-news/top-news/anti-ice-protests-continue-with-demonstrations-at-graduate-hotel-whipple-federal-building/) making sure ICE doesn't get a good night's sleep. I still can't believe the university signed that contract. It's such a betrayal to their entire community and the principles of a university. 

### Tomorrow

Keep patrolling your neighborhoods.

Contact your local schools and see if they need help getting kids to school safely. 

Talk to a person not on patrols and get them into patrols. 

