Title: January 16, 2026
Date: 2026-01-16 22:11
Category: Updates
Tags: updates
Slug: january-sixteenth
Keywords: ICE, Minneapolis
Authors: Coco
Summary: What happened on January 15th in the Twin Cities.

### Today

If these losers spend the rest of their lives in the Hague it won't be enough. 

I'm thinking about kids the past few days. [Kids are not showing up to school](https://www.instagram.com/reel/DTlQ3LaEY6s/). St. Paul and Minneapolis are offering virtual learning. ICE has tear gassed and green gassed children on the North side. I marshalled a high school walkout this week where we had to prepare the students for the possibility that ICE would show up to their walkout and tear gas them. It breaks my heart that these high schoolers have to protest a government occupation, and then worry about that government attacking them while they protest. 

I am hearing about a lot of good wins from friends chasing ICE off of routes or chasing them from intimidating people in houses. 

However, today there were some big losses. I woke up to a military helicopter flying low in the neighborhood. Later, a message came that there was an abduction happening on one of my usual routes. I got out onto the street as fast as I could but no one was there by the time I got there. They were kidnapped. Maybe if there was an observer there on that corner, ICE would have been scared away. 

Later on the neighborhood call, an observer was following an ICE vehicle when the vehicle drove up to and parked in front of that observer's home. I've heard of this happening elsewhere: ICE wants to make sure you know they know who you are and they want us to feel scared.

Elsewhere, ICE is [denying non-citizens access to their lawyers](https://www.instagram.com/reel/DTlQDwzj6fv/). This is a basic right every person has in the United States. Not every citizen. Every person. 

Finally, ICE is not only endlessly cruel, but they are also bad at their jobs. They conducted a [search warrant in the wrong home](https://www.cbsnews.com/minnesota/video/minneapolis-woman-says-federal-agents-conducted-search-warrant-in-wrong-home/), tore it to shit, and left the residents to clean up their mess. 

### Tomorrow

Ask your neighbors about:

*patrolling your neighborhoods.
*food delivery and assistance in your neighborhood. 
*rent assistance programs in your neighborhood. 

Contact your local schools and see if they need help getting kids to school safely. 

Talk to a person not on patrols and get them into patrols.



